[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
A LACK OF GOOD WILL
[Odd] It's a question of reflexes.
You've gotta trust your instincts.
Anything you can do I can do better, Odd.
-Wanna bet?
-You're on.
-[Odd grunts]
-[indistinct chatter]
Okay, watch and weep.
[Odd grunts]
Like I told you, my Odd-like sixth sense
defies all limitation.
[everyone laughs]
Okay, show off,
now admire my Aelita-like sixth sense.
[both gasp]
[Sissi wails]
[groans]
Who did that?
[everyone laughs]
You win, hands down. Even at the top
of my form, I could never match that.
[Jim] Dunbar!
Haven't you heard that forks aren't meant
to play with but to eat with?
-[Jim] You hear me, Dunbar?
-Hmm…
-[everyone gasps]
-[William grunts]
[everyone gasps]
The glass is empty
but that is the very last straw!
You wanna play at being an idiot?
Well, two can play at that game!
Follow me!
William's clone's not supposed
to act like that.
[Odd gasps]
It doesn't matter if he gets punished.
He's not even human.
That's just it.
He's a polymorphic specter,
driven by a basic non-evolutionary
behavior program.
Could you say that in words?
Hmm…
William's clone shouldn't be capable
of taking any personal initiatives,
like trying to imitate
Odd's stupid stunts, for example.
Then how do you explain it?
I can't explain it.
That's why I'm worried.
-Unless the…
-The what?
Well, yesterday, I installed an upgrade
for his software,
something to improve
his artificial intelligence.
You know, something that would
make him appear less stupid.
Hmm. You think that imitating Odd
makes him look less stupid?
-[all laughs]
-Well, we're gonna have to play it by ear.
I may have to delete the upgrade.
All we need is for William Junior
to start making waves.
[theme music]
[Jeremy]
Anyway, I did improve the Superscan.
Thanks to the data you collected
during your last jaunt on the network,
I was able to set things up so that
it can now find other Replikas.
[Ulrich] You mean you think there are more
of them out there?
For sure. In fact, I've already managed
to localize a second one.
A second one?
How many Replikas do you think there are?
I have no idea.
But I suppose if we destroy them all,
we'll finally be rid of XANA for good.
Fantastic! I love it when you talk
like that. When do we start?
-Tonight.
-[Aelita] I feel bad for William's clone.
It's my fault
that he's in trouble with GI Jim.
No reason to feel bad, Aelita.
It's like Odd said,
he's totally artificial.
Like I was not all that long ago.
But that's not the same.
An artificial clone has no feelings,
Aelita.
[bell ringing]
[sighs]
At least… not for now.
An artificial clone?
So William isn't really William.
I don't understand.
It means we've got a scoop.
I don't have any more paper.
Hmm…
All right, that's enough for now, I guess.
I sure hope
you've learned a lesson, today.
Next time,
you'll use your fork for eating,
and not for catapulting your glass
into your neighbor's mashed potatoes.
What's more, using a glass is not
only dumb, it's dangerous.
A ball of bread is much more discreet.
Take it from someone who knows.
A ball of bread? Good idea.
Uh… No. Forget that.
Definitely not with a ball of bread.
If you do, I'll make you write
"I must never play with food."
I have to catapult it
into my mouth with my glass.
Uh… I mean into my mouth
with my mashed potatoes.
-Anyway, you get the picture.
-Get the picture? Where is it?
Huh?
[sighs]
[theme music]
Ready to go? Okay, energize!
Hmm… Replika, here I come.
Odd, the best, the greatest,
the mean lean XANA wrecking machine!
[Ulrich]
Lean sounds right.
I don't know about the rest.
Don't forget who saved you
from the Digital Sea last time.
[Odd] And who took out
those two Megatanks with talent and style?
It was Odd. Odd the magnificent. Hey!
I like that, Odd the Magnificent.
[Ulrich] I got devirtualized
thanks to Odd the Lame-o.
And if it hadn't been for me, you would…
Well, well,
aren't we being sensitive today.
Listen, if you wanna be a hero,
I can give you lessons.
But not everyone has the right stuff.
The main thing is staying humble.
That's about all boys can talk about,
"I'm the greatest at this,"
"You can't beat me at that."
[Odd] That's because
Ulrich isn't humble enough
to admit that he can't even hold a candle
to me, even though he knows I'm better.
[Ulrich] Ha, ha.
Very funny. Okay, Odd the Magnificent,
let's check out the results
at the end of the day.
Hey, cut the hot air
and let me concentrate, okay guys?
[Aelita] Stabilizers…
Online and check.
Primary axis… Clear.
Laser generators… Online.
Here we go.
[explosion]
Holoweb system online.
Aelita, I'm sending you
the Replika's coordinate.
[Aelita] Gotcha, Jeremy.
[Aelita through computer] High speed
acceleration in three seconds.
Three, two, one…
[explosion]
[both gasp]
William! We're doing a story on school
punishment for the Kadic News.
Do you think Jim throws
his weight around too much?
He weighs 240 pounds,
which is too heavy for his height.
Huh?
That's not what I meant. I meant that
he can be a real windbag sometimes.
-You get my drift now, William?
-No.
Sorry but I can't even feel a breeze.
Ugh. Are you an idiot or something?
That's a little hard to explain.
Replika straight ahead.
-Jeremy, you found it within a micro bit!
-[Jeremy through computer] Great.
The improvements on the Superscan
seem to be effective.
[gasps]
Digital Key operational.
Your localization program
works like a charm.
At this rate,
we'll be able to wipe XANA in no time.
[Jeremy] Oh, it was no big deal.
All I had to do was reconfigure
the course of the alternate algorithm
based on the data that you recovered
from the first Replika.
[Odd] Sounds simple to you,
but it's Greek to me.
There's only one sector, the desert.
[Jeremy through computer]
Tower at eleven o'clock.
-[Aelita] I see it.
-[Jeremy through computer] Good.
[Jeremy] Dock the Skid while I activate
the tower for our own use,
-so we can carry out the teleportation.
-[Aelita] It's as good as done.
-[Aelita] Docking.
-[laser blasting]
We're not gonna get anything out of him.
He's been like a vegetable for months now.
Leave this to me.
I'm gonna bluff him out.
Wait a second William.
I wanted to tell you… How much you
hurt me by not answering my letter.
Mmm?
Well, I know that usually guys
make the first move,
and since I decided to tell
you how I felt--
What?
You wrote him a love letter
without telling me that you did?
Tamiya, I told you I was gonna bluff him.
-[William] I'm really sorry, Milly.
-[Milly gasps]
It wasn't me who got your letter.
It must've been William.
[both gasp]
[groans]
Too bad Ulrich's
been teleported already.
He won't be able to admire the exploits
of Odd the Magnificent,
and weep with jealousy.
Mmm yes… Even though last time,
he did save your neck, didn't he?
Hey, come on. Don't you start now!
Calm down you guys.
Save your strength for XANA and his pals.
I just spotted Aelita and Ulrich.
They're in New Mexico right now.
[Ulrich gasps]
[pants]
Mmm… Looks something
like a military base.
With no one here,
it shouldn't be too hard.
[Jeremy] You're right, Ulrich.
It is a military base,
and it's obviously been abandoned.
I located a plan of it on the Internet,
so… I can guide you.
XANA? Who is this XANA?
I really don't know. Do you know him?
But it was you who just told us
that XANA had captured William.
So who are you then?
Me? William.
Then I guess there must be two Williams.
No! There's just one, and that's me.
The other one is a prisoner of XANA!
If the other William's a prisoner,
we should call the police, huh?
Certainly not.
Jeremy and the Lyoko warriors are doing
all they can to set him free.
"Loco" warriors? Who are they?
Listen, if I'm gonna forgive
the other William about the letter,
I'm gonna need some proof
that you're not making all of this up.
Some proof?
I don't have any,
but I can ask Jeremy to show you some,
in the computer lab at the factory.
Mmm?
[Jeremy] I think I found it.
In front of you, on your left.
At the foot of a hangar,
there's an elevator that'll take you
-to the underground part of the base.
-Place is really weird.
I'll bet we're in Area 51.
The base at Roswell?
The one with all those aliens?
No, it wasn't the same at all.
[both panting]
Wait a second, how do you know
what Area 51 looks like?
I don't. I was just kidding.
[theme music]
-[Yumi gasps]
-[Odd grunts]
[tense music]
Here comes the welcoming committee.
On your mark… Ready…
[laser blasting]
[Yumi groaning]
[Yumi grunting]
Hey, he didn't say "go" yet!
Wow, not very polite little beasts.
They didn't even introduce themselves.
Einstein, we could use a couple of taxis.
Okay, right away.
[digital whirring]
What's going on?
How come I've got an activated scanner?
Did anyone just get devirtualized?
-[computer chirping]
-[Jeremy groans]
It wasn't me.
Why leave
when it's just getting interesting?
[Yumi] It wasn't me either.
[gasps and grunts]
[grunts]
[Odd] Laser arrow!
[Yumi grunts]
[gasps and sighs]
If it wasn't us, who was it?
I have no idea.
But it sure isn't someone we wanna meet.
[grunts]
[zooming]
William?
-William's in the factory?
-[Jeremy] Sure looks like it.
-I'll handle this.
-[Yumi groans]
[Odd] Were you expecting company?
Did you stock up on potato chips,
soda, magazines for him to read?
He's not coming up here.
He's going down… To the Supercomputer!
[Jeremy] He must have come to destroy it.
[Odd] Oh, no! Here comes trouble!
[both gasp]
[mechanical whirring]
-What is this place?
-Jeremy? Jeremy?
-[Yumi groans]
-[Odd gasps]
We have to get back to the factory.
Einstein, are you there? Can you hear us?
There's no need to yell.
He's probably trying to figure out
a way to keep William busy.
Besides, you and I are stuck here.
I tell you we've gotta go!
Odd, Jeremy hasn't teleported
Ulrich and Aelita yet.
We can't do it for him from here,
we can't join them out there.
We have to protect
the Skid at all cost. So we wait.
I hate waiting.
There must be something we can do?
There is. Defend our position, look.
[robotic footsteps]
Good. Thanks to our friends,
at least we won't be bored.
[tense music]
I had no idea
you were into computers, William.
[Jeremy gasps and grunts]
Yah!
[groans]
-[laughing evilly]
-[groans and screams]
[grunts]
Oh! Check it out! It's like a scene
from Executioner 2.
And it smells like Odd's feet in here.
What worries me most is that
we've lost contact with Jeremy.
We have to find a way
to get back to the Skid
and then return to the factory.
Abort the mission?
Look around you, Aelita.
XANA's putting something really
serious together.
I don't like this anymore than you do,
but Jeremy must need our help.
Something's wrong.
Well anyway,
if we do decide to abort,
there's only one way for us
to get back to the Skid.
[breathing heavily]
Now, you are going to witness the total
destruction of the Supercomputer
and the end
of your gang of little friends.
Hello Jeremy.
Uh, do you have any proof
you could lend me.
-[gasps]
-Get your hands off Jeremy!
[Jeremy grunting]
[grunts]
[both groan]
Hi girls. What are you doing here?
[both grunting]
Milly, I want to go home!
Which one of them is the real William?
It's very simple.
The real one is the bad guy!
-[Williams grunting]
-[Jeremy grunts]
Listen, the two of you have
to go back to the computer lab
and tell the others
that they gotta back here, and fast!
-Did you say the others?
-Right. I'm out of here!
-[Tarantulas growling]
-[laser blasting]
[both groaning]
Oh no! My overboard!
Another one bites the dust.
Don't ever do that without telling me!
I hope you didn't mess up the paint job!
-[Tarantulas growling]
-[lasers blasting]
[both groaning]
[both grunting]
[both keep grunting]
[gasping]
[grunts]
[mechanical whirring]
[gasps]
[panting]
[groans]
Huh? Hello! Anyone out there?
[Tamiya] Hello?
Hello? Einstein?
What's with that voice of yours?
You catch cold?
[Odd grunts and groans]
No. Huh… It's… It's Tamiya.
Tamiya?
[gasps]
-[Tarantula growling]
-[Odd gasps]
-[laser blasting]
-[Yumi groans]
[grunting]
[Yumi] Tamiya,
what are you doing at the factory?
[Tarantula growling]
Well, that's one heck of a surprise.
Where's Jeremy?
[Tamiya] Jeremy told me to tell you
to come back right away, huh…
-Whoever you are…
-[Yumi] We're on our way.
The fun's over. We're going home.
It's your lucky day, Tarantula.
Hasta la vista!
[both grunting and panting]
Did you hear that? If Tamiya's
in the factory, we've got a big problem.
-Let's go.
-OK.
-On three. One, two…
-[grunts]
[both panting]
[Yumi] Ulrich and Aelita
might have been teleported.
-[Yumi gasps]
-Yoo-hoo, anybody home?
[Yumi grunts and screams]
[Odd] Those Tarantulas
stick to you like glue.
-[laser blasting]
-[both grunting]
-[Milly groans]
-[Williams grunting]
[William] That ought to hold you,
William bad guy.
-Good riddance!
-No, not at all!
He's going up to the lab.
He can still mess with the programming
and get rid of the others.
The trap door. Go on, William!
You have to stop him before he starts
doing some real harm!
Yeah!
[William chuckles]
[gasps]
[mechanical whirring]
Oh! Which one are you?
The good guy or the bad guy?
The good guy!
[Aelita] Odd, we're onboard the Skid,
ready to take off.
[gasps]
Yumi, make it fast!
-[shooting]
-[Yumi grunting]
Coming…
[grunts]
[Aelita] Embarking… Odd…
[moaning]
Okay, everyone's onboard.
Next stop: Lyoko.
-[Tamiya groans]
-Mmm…
[computer chirping]
[computer blipping]
[gasps]
Thanks for the welcome!
[grunting]
[computer chirping]
Hmm…
I think you're the bad guy
and if you think you're gonna wreck
everything, you'll have to deal with me!
[groaning]
-Hmm…
-[Tamiya screams]
I don't have to deal with you,
but I do have to wreck everything.
[theme music]
[Aelita through computer] There's the Hub.
-Ready for high speed acceleration.
-[Ulrich through computer] Ready.
[Odd through computer]
Whenever you want, princess.
[gasps]
[grunts]
[gasps and groans]
Yah!
You're nothing. Just an insignificant
bunch of digital dust.
Uh, uh!
[explosive splash]
Tell me that's normal,
that everything's okay.
Not normal. The cooling chamber…
It's overheating and…
The Supercomputer is gonna reach
a combustible critical mass!
The double failed.
You have to stop William!
[Odd] Do you see what I see?
[Ulrich] Yeah, it's too quiet.
[Aelita through computer] Retro brakes.
Hmm… I really didn't feel like fishing!
Bombs away!
[lasers blasting]
[groaning]
Hey, keep to your right, Sunday driver!
[Odd through computer]
I've got one stuck to me!
That's worse than forgetting a candy bar
in your jeans during a heat wave!
[Ulrich] Just another groupie,
crazy about Odd the Magnificent.
[laughs]
Torpedo!
-[explosive splash]
-Odd, higher up.
I can get him.
[Odd through computer]
Only because it's you.
[Ulrich] Over here, cutie-pie…
Now!
[Ulrich] Well, that takes care of that.
Aren't you tired of me saving
you all the time?
[Aelita] Everyone into the Skid ASAP.
We've already lost a lot of time.
[Yumi grunting]
[groaning]
[Aelita through computer]
Jeremy, we're on Lyoko.
[Aelita]
We're starting the docking procedure.
Jeremy's still not answering.
Well, there aren't a whole lot of
ways to devirtualize ourselves.
Again, oh no!
[chuckles]
The cavalry is finally here…
Only too late, as usual.
Oh yeah? We'll see about that!
Be careful, Milly!
He disintegrated the other William
just by pushing a button!
[groans]
Mmm… What did you do to my scanner?
No time for small talk!
[Aelita through computer]
Jeremy, are you okay?
We're all in the scanner room now.
It's six against one, so just give up!
-[computer chirping]
-[William chuckles]
-Boo!
-[Milly screams]
Uh!
[mechanical whirring]
-The Loco Warriors!
-Go on, run away!
Go back where you came from!
William set up a delayed virtualization.
He's going back to the network.
What's more,
he managed to cut the cooling system.
[digital whirring]
But I managed to stop the process in time.
[theme music]
[Tamiya] How long have you been
fighting against XANA?
We began about two years ago.
-And does this happen a lot?
-[Odd] Are you kidding?
It happens all the time!
We fight XANA almost every day!
Wow!
This has gotta be the best scoop
we've ever had!
Hold on a sec.
Let me tell you one last secret.
-[all] Hmm…
-Great, let's hear it.
The reason you're not gonna remember
any of all this is:
Return to the past now!
[indistinct chatter]
[Odd] I know what you're thinking,
but even if it's really tempting,
I won't do it again.
Mmm…
[chewing]
A wise decision, Odd.
Especially if William's clone
is into imitating your stunts.
We sure don't want to draw
any attention to him.
And in the meantime, I'll try
to create a new upgrading program.
Are you sure you want to erase
the old one?
The replica did fight for you
against the real William.
Yes, I know, but… Actually,
when I created it,
I used some pre-existing programs
that were already in the Supercomputer.
They'd been created by Franz Hopper.
I did it to speed things up.
But I think they might have been
some of the same ones
that developed the personality
of huh… XANA.
Oh, nice one, Frankenstein.
Better find William ASAP or we'll have
a "Xanastein" Junior on our hands.
-Or much worse, a human being.
-That could never happen.
Without that upgrade, William's clone
will never be more than a program!
Hmm…
[groans]
[chuckles]
[theme music]